docs: add override concept doc (#797)
Azure/fleet: docs/concepts/Override/README.md

# Override

## Overview
The `ClusterResourceOverride` and `ResourceOverride` provides a way to customize resource configurations before they are propagated 
to the target cluster by the `ClusterResourcePlacement`.

## Difference Between `ClusterResourceOverride` And `ResourceOverride`

`ClusterResourceOverride` represents the cluster-wide policy that overrides the cluster scoped resources to one or more
clusters while `ResourceOverride` will apply to resources in the same namespace as the namespace-wide policy.

> **Note:** If a namespace is selected by the `ClusterResourceOverride`, ALL the resources under the namespace are selected
automatically.

> If the resource is selected by both `ClusterResourceOverride` and `ResourceOverride`, the `ResourceOverride` will win

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the resource is selected by both `ClusterResourceOverride` and `ResourceOverride`, precedence is granted to the `ResourceOverride` when resolving conflicts.
```

Author: gpt also suggested using `precedence`.
my concern is if it will confuse people in another way? we apply the resourceOverride first and then ClusterResourceOverride.

- As a platform operator, I want to propagate a clusterRole to cluster-staging and cluster-production and would like to
grant more permissions to the cluster-staging cluster than the cluster-production cluster.
- As a platform operator, I want to propagate a namespace to all the clusters and would like to customize the labels for
each cluster.
- As an application developer, I would like to propagate a deployment to cluster-staging and cluster-production and would
like to always use the latest image in the staging cluster and a specific image in the production cluster.
- As an application developer, I would like to propagate a deployment to all the clusters and would like to use different
commands for my container in different regions.

## Limits
- Each resource can be only selected by one override simultaneously. In the case of namespace scoped resources, up to two
overrides will be allowed, considering the potential selection through both `ClusterResourceOverride` (select its namespace) 
and `ResourceOverride`.
- At most 100 `ClusterResourceOverride` can be created.
- At most 100 `ResourceOverride` can be created.

## Resource Selector

> `ClusterResourceSelector` of `ClusterResourceOverride` selects which cluster-scoped resources need to be overridden before

Reviewer: Add how `ResourceSelector` used for `ResourceOverride` to select namespace-scoped resources.
